- [Instructor] Let's get back to coding.
Let's create a configuration file for our API.
First let's right-click on the config package,
go to new and select Java class.
Let's name it ApiConfig.
First let's add a configuration annotation.
This indicates that it can be processed
by the spring container to generate bean definitions.
When using auto complete if you select the item you want
from the drop down menu it will automatically
import it for you.
Now let's add in an enable WebFlux annotation.
This will import the spring WebFlux configuration
from WebFlux configuration support.
Now let's add in two beans.
The bean annotation indicates
that its a dependency that can be managed
by the spring container.
Later on we can inject these dependencies
into a service class for instance, when we need them.
First let's create a object mapper bean.
Let's find a method that returns the type object mapper
and is named objectMapper.
Let's type public, so that the method has public visibility.
Set the return type to object mapper.
Let's name the method objectMapper.
Then let's use the keyboard shortcut alt plus enter
to import the object mapper class.
Now let's instantiate an instance of object mapper.
Type in objectMapper
is equal to new objectMapper,
using the parameter list constructor.
Now let's register a module.
Let's type in objectMapper.registerModule
and pass in a new instance of Java time module.
Now let's configure the object mapper.
Let's type in objectMapper.configure,
let's pass in the deserialization feature,
fail on unknown properties equal to false.
This will allow us to model only the fields we need
from a JSON.
Now let's chain that method call
to another call to the configure method.
Let's pass in the serialization feature,
write dates of time stamps equal to true.
This will write date times in a human readable format.
Let's close the project window for readability
and finally add a semicolon.
Now let's return the object mapper.
Lastly, let's add a bean annotation.
This object mapper allows us to serialize
a Java object into a JSON string and vice versa.
Now let's create an object writer
that let's us print out a JSON in a human readable format.
Let's create a public method
that returns an object writer named objectWriter.
The method will take in an object mapper bean
as a parameter.
Now let's use that object mapper bean
and call the method writerWithDefaultPrettyPrinter.
Then add a return statement and a bean annotation.
And that's it.
The API is now set to serialize
and deserialize JSON responses.